README.md, before:

Nothing To Hide has nothing to hide.
===

All the newest art and code from Nothing To Hide gets pushed into this public repo.
It's not clean, it's not organized, but it's *everything*.

###Linky Links

* [The Demo (HTML5)](http://demo.nothingtohide.cc/)
* [Crowdfunding Campaign](http://back.nothingtohide.cc/)
* [Nothing To Say Newsletter](http://tinyletter.com/nothingtohide/letters)
* [Polished Prototype for Halloween](http://prototype.nothingtohide.cc/)

###Credits

[NCASE](http://www.ncase.me): Animation, Code, Design

[HalcyonicFalconX](https://www.facebook.com/HalcyonicFalconX): Music

Code libraries:
[Visibility-Polygon](https://code.google.com/p/visibility-polygon-js/)
[SoundJS](http://createjs.com/#!/SoundJS)
[Q](http://documentup.com/kriskowal/q/)

Sound effects from Freesound.org [(full credits list)](https://gist.github.com/ncase/8936191)

###License Shenanigans

Unless stated otherwise, everything in this repository is dedicated to the public domain through the
[Creative Commons Zero](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) license - zero rights reserved.

Commit message:

Updated description in README.md

README.md, after:

Nothing To Hide internationalized
===

This is a fork of [nothing to hide by ncase](https://github.com/ncase/nothing-to-hide).
In this fork we attempt to internationalize the game [by using the i18next library](http://i18next.com).
Language files for English (en-US) and German (de) are currently drafted.
As of now we solely translate the web version (in the "FINAL" directory), not the "PC" version.
Contributors are welcome to get in touch in order to speed things up.


###Original project description

Nothing To Hide has nothing to hide.
===

All the newest art and code from Nothing To Hide gets pushed into this public repo.
It's not clean, it's not organized, but it's *everything*.

###Linky Links

* [The Demo (HTML5)](http://demo.nothingtohide.cc/)
* [Crowdfunding Campaign](http://back.nothingtohide.cc/)
* [Nothing To Say Newsletter](http://tinyletter.com/nothingtohide/letters)
* [Polished Prototype for Halloween](http://prototype.nothingtohide.cc/)

###Credits

[NCASE](http://www.ncase.me): Animation, Code, Design

[HalcyonicFalconX](https://www.facebook.com/HalcyonicFalconX): Music

Code libraries:
[Visibility-Polygon](https://code.google.com/p/visibility-polygon-js/)
[SoundJS](http://createjs.com/#!/SoundJS)
[Q](http://documentup.com/kriskowal/q/)

Sound effects from Freesound.org [(full credits list)](https://gist.github.com/ncase/8936191)

###License Shenanigans

Unless stated otherwise, everything in this repository is dedicated to the public domain through the
[Creative Commons Zero](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) license - zero rights reserved.
